kombat and in imagine
redhead blonde brunette is not easy
a woman with a specific hair color is
type of character blonde
it is already a common name but is it true
that they are so stupid and scattered
creatures and how hair color affects
our intellectual abilities and
does medieval influence at all
Europe, redheads were called witches and the truth
Do that brunettes
a little smarter than the rest in
psychologists have this opinion
activity of the human nervous system and
his character can be identified by color
hair skin and eyes in particular hair color
depends on the content in the body
male or female hormones that is
if the hair is dark it means that
the organism prevails
male hormone testosterone and vice versa
if the hair is blond it means that
the body is dominated by female hormone
estrogen that's why in quantitative
ratio
blondes are still the most feminine
attractive and tender creatures but
hormones not only affect hair color
breast size and comely from the face but also on
brain work so for example u
brunettes often dominated by the left hemisphere
as in men, she is responsible for logic
that's why brunettes think
clever and able to build a successful
career they are refined and mysterious and
despite the fact that everyday life
they are calm enough and aged in
bed they behave like
relies hot brunette blondes
more for action on the right hemisphere
which is responsible for emotions and intuition
this is why owners really
can not boast of logical
thinking
but I ask you not to confuse logic and
mental abilities are only about
perception of the external situation and reaction
on it just some men think
blondes are more impressionable
emotional then they are stupid
it's not always like that blonde has
gentle nature
they are easier to obey than to fix
actually no wonder why they
so popular men
they are very functional and impressionable
but not prone to tantrums to stealing by the way
red they do stand out have not
and in pigmentation goes far into the distant
past they possess explosive
temperament because their body
produces not shanti stressful
hormones than women in a different color
hair
probably that is why medieval
Europe all red-haired beauties
called witches
they were accused of evil witchcraft
and perfidy but if the redhead women
really whitish character
which men have always been considered
the most terrible and brave
there is another special type of women this
painted blondes
psychologists are convinced that consciously
selected color really reflect
our inner state is our beliefs
and desires therefore painted brunette
starts behaving like a real
blonde because she feels
more gentle and feminine and soft
by the way the most famous blonde maras
monroe
Marlene Dietrich by nature has a dark
hair color
well, by the way, I have nothing here for you
question and who like more you
blonde blondes
redhead i'm waiting for your answers in the comments
Well, I was with you your personal psychologist
until new meetings, my personal account is not
offend women and love to kill us
what are not to blame
this is all the hair color for now